what's this magic glowy dive now no it's
just the spyderco Mannix to EDC forums
limited edition in glow in the dark this
knife just arrived yesterday and I
thought I'd give everybody a nice nice
good look at it this is the the EDC
forums special edition you can see the
EDC forums logo right there on the blade
with the same nice laser etch as the
rest of the the wording on the blade and
spyderco logo this one is CPM s30v like
most of the sprinter on maddux's the
handle is not textured at all it is it
is slick so if you're lucky enough to
have one or still be waiting for one
just be be warned that this is is not
textured at all your pan will slip off
if you're not if you're not getting
getting your good grip on on the manics
aside from this max I also have the blue
sprint run the orange sprint run and the
green sprint run in carpenter steel ctx
xhp the CTX xhp is a I like it a bit
more than I like the the s30v seems to
hold an edge better it's supposed to be
a like a stainless d2 I don't have a lot
of experience with d2 I only have a
couple of knives in d2 but I haven't
haven't really used them much but it's I
do like it a lot more than the than the
s30v the medics features spreader ko's
caged ball lock the cage ball lock i
will get into in a separate video where
i'm going to come
parrot with the benchmade access lock
but it basic function is fairly similar
the man x2 has a nice gigantic lanyard
hole which I believe is the same same
diameter as the lanyard tube on the
paramilitary the clip is left or right
tip up only as for the specs on the
knife we have an overall length of 8
inches we have a blade length of three
and three eighths inches with a cutting
edge of two and seven eighths inches so
we have almost three inches worth of
cutting edge the weight on this version
is a 4.25 ounces the regular production
version does not have skeletonize liners
I don't know if you can see in there or
not but the liner's on each of these
sprint runs are skeletonized to safe
weight as far as the handle goes it's
another winner in my book in terms of
spider codes economics you can either do
a nice four finger grip up here or you
can choke up on the Troy here and still
have an excellent grip and a lot of
control this is again spider ko's
awesome awesome Jim jumping top and
bottom it does have some some ridges in
the in the liners which do add some
traction to it each of these versions
also has the also has the jumping and
the ridges in the liners they are all
torques construction but they are all a
pain in the butt to get open to perform
any maintenance because of this lanyard
tube this lanyard tube is fat and sticks
in the g10 scale so if you try and pull
the scales off so just that they're
rotating around the lanyard tube and
you'll have a really hard time trying to
get the trying to get scales off as for
the g10 versions I have this lovely
orange as demonstrated be
for in my orange knives video which is
the same orange as the UK PK I have this
lovely blue g 10 which is I believe the
same color as the the blue dodo and the
blue Yojimbo but I haven't seen either
of those in person so I can't say for
sure and I have spider ko's foliage
green g10 which I I like it's a it's
it's a fairly subtle car color but it
it's fairly it's nice and handsome it's
not as not as bright as a glow in the
dark orange or blue but it definitely
looks looks pretty handsome so I'm going
to let you take a look at these for
another second well I shot the lights
off again so I can give you a nice nice
demonstration of the glow in the dark
and see through my viewfinder here we
have Clips ID this glow closing the dark
fairly brightly it's a nice nice
standard glow in the dark green and if
you drop this while you're outside
you're definitely going to find it
there's going to be no losing this knife
however if you're in pics black I don't
think you can tell whether the blade is
open or closed so you might want to be
might want to be careful this one is I
think limited to 600 pieces and
exclusive to EDC forums members so if
you're not a member of EDC forums I'm
sorry but you're you're how to look and
I believe the first 600 were all
accounted for there may be a second 600
like could be wrong check check the EDC
forums for for more information and
thank you for thank you for watching